Website editor pass - Contribute (#5238)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Contributing/README.md

# Contribute

### [Building Fleet](./Building-Fleet.md) 
Here, Fleet holds documentation about building the code, development infrastructure, and database migrations.

### [Testing](./Testing.md) 
This section includes documentation about Fleet's full test suite and integration tests.

### [Migrations](./Migrations.md)
Here is information about creating and updating database migrations.

### [Committing changes](./Committing-Changes.md) 
This contains information on how to merge changes into the codebase.

### [Releasing Fleet](./Releasing-Fleet.md) 

> Explore Fleet’s release process guide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn the process for how to release Fleet.
```
I'm not sure if my suggestion is any better than the original, but I don't think "explore" is the correct verb here. You "follow" a guide rather than explore it unless you want your Lego creations to be weird and wonderful.

### [Seeding data](./Seeding-Data.md) 
Look here for a guide on adding fake data to your development instance.

### [API for contributors](./API-for-contributors.md) 

> Here is helpful documentation for Fleet API routes when developing or contributing to Fleet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get to grips with Fleet API routes. This documentation is helpful for developing or contributing to Fleet.
```
This suggestion is an example of how we could deliver an imperative mood with a friendly tone.

### [FAQ](./FAQ.md) 

> read for commonly asked questions and answers about contributing to Fleet as part of the Fleet community.

Reviewer 2: @Desmi-Dizney capitalization

> read for commonly asked questions and answers about contributing to Fleet as part of the Fleet community.

Author: ```suggestion
Read for commonly asked questions and answers about contributing to Fleet as part of the Fleet community.
```

> read for commonly asked questions and answers about contributing to Fleet as part of the Fleet community.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Read for commonly asked questions and answers about contributing to Fleet as part of the Fleet community.
```
